README.md, before:

# blog-about-it

## Description

A blog site for your own thoughts. The goal was to build a classic web app where someone can write and post blogs that will live in local storage, using the three languages we've learned up to week 2. So far, we've only been learning through a single html file, one or two css files, a single javascript file;  learning how to incorporate more than one of each of these files together successfully was a helpful experience. Separating javascripts amongst both html files, incorporating a light and dark mode were all challenges met in this module.

## Installation

This app will run in any browser, no installation required.

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

    ```md
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    ```

## Credits

I had a great tutor help me over the weekend with the JavaScript, help from a partner as well, and of course the support of our instructor and TA.

## License

The standard MIT license was used for this repo and module.

---

Commit message:

Screenshots uploaded, dark mode is functional, some javascript has been moved around.

README.md, after:

# blog-about-it

## Description

A blog site for your own thoughts. The goal was to build a classic web app where someone can write and post blogs that will live in local storage, using the three languages we've learned up to week 2. So far, we've only been learning through a single html file, one or two css files, a single javascript file;  learning how to incorporate more than one of each of these files together successfully was a helpful experience. Separating javascripts amongst both html files, incorporating a light and dark mode were all challenges met in this module.

## Installation

This app will run in any browser, no installation required.

## Usage

assets/images/Screenshot 2024-04-02 at 9.44.18 PM.png
assets/images/Screenshot 2024-04-02 at 9.44.21 PM.png
assets/images/Screenshot 2024-04-02 at 10.11.10 PM.png
assets/images/Screenshot 2024-04-02 at 10.11.17 PM.png

## Credits

I had a great tutor help me over the weekend with the JavaScript, help from a partner as well, and of course the support of our instructor and TA. I also had an eleventh hour assist from the askBCS community.

## License

The standard MIT license was used for this repo and module.

---
